0.32 release notes and minor doc changes (#2182)
astronomer/docs: software/upgrade-astronomer.md

    ```
3. Upgrade Kubernetes to version 1.22.

### Upgrade to Astronomer Software 0.32

#### Renamed feature flag in Helm configuration

> The `astronomer.houston.config.deployments.sysAdminScalabilityImprovementsEnabled` key has been replaced with `astronomer.houston.config.deployments.performanceOptimizationModeEnabled`, and the feature flag now optimizes the performance of additional Software UI pages.

Author: ```suggestion
The `astronomer.houston.config.deployments.sysAdminScalabilityImprovementsEnabled` flag has been deprecated and replaced with `astronomer.houston.config.deployments.performanceOptimizationModeEnabled` for improved performance across additional Software UI views.
```
